test open in VSCode

finished codepen:
    https://codepen.io/stephaniegatt/pen/mdepjdK


    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
            gives meaning to content
    2. What is HTML used for? 
            structure of the website, bricks and mortor
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
             additional info of an element, place it in the beginning of the tag
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? 
            first header, once
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes 
            img, a
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
            head tag 
    7. What is an id? 
            it specifies a unique id for an html element
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
            any
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
            once
    10. What is a class? 
            an attribute used for css selection
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
            any
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
            as many as you want
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
            target attribute
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
            specifies text attached to image
    15. How do I reference an id? 
            #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
            section has more meaning (syntax)
    17. What is CSS used for? 
            style and design
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
            element name ie:  
            h2{

            }
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
            id is used to identify one element, class can identify more
            I would use an id for a link, and a class for styling multiple elements the same
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
            .class
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
            .human{

            }
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
            nesting, selecting all elements of the same kind within an element.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
            .sidebar a {

            }
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
            defines special state of an element (ie: hover)
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
            line-height:
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
            letter-spacing: sizepx; 
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
            text-transform: (CAPITALS, lowercase, Capitalize);
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? 
            div{
                border: 1px black; 
                border-style: dotted;
            }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
            *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? 
            /* */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
            pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? 
            ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
            rm filename, be careful bc no warning just deletes it
    34. Why should I use version control? 
            so you can have a history of all the changes you made
    35. How often should I commit to github? 
            every 20 min
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
            git push 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
            inline element renders on same line, block element can have a specified width and height
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
            being positioned relative to browser window
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
            inline-block
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
            div and p, span and a, button
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them?
            the box model has the margin allowance outside the border, and the padding inside the border, with the content in the middle. 
